in the carry from Scott from a neighbor
against some of his old teammates here
in one Fontaine first penalty of the
competition goes the way of the Cheetahs
superior numbers I'm gonna check all
right down on his feet 12 watts wallows
great work by francois fainter and he
just jumped into the back of the fact
that murder bakes do yoga who other
tremendous respect for Rosa as a
workhorse in the middle of his cheaters
pack drove them back in the tackle and
fainter was there immediately and
outside huge boot avi Hankerson which is
going to show itself early he's
indicated that he wants to go for the
approach this is the tackle from do yoga
watches he starts driving backwards and
look up quickly front so fair to react
he's in over that ball and just stopping
it coming up first of all and then when
he's prevented from getting it back
Craig Joubert gives the advantage the
early advantage to the cheaters once
when I said the course
to yoga with an excellent good tackle
out of Stefan bottom arrow midfield
straße feeling around intifada are the
beautiful loop around from fainter in
tonight
perhaps almost surprised by the amount
of space that opened up in front of it
lovely mood from finta though wasn't it
was murder like do yoga at the ball back
to enter from the base and we said how
impressed we were with him in the kings
and their season last she got the ball
back from the yoga and flick it quickly
on to Valhalla look at this lovely piece
of skill from Diaw grumpily ain't just
done the runaround that's her official
friends and he's gone belly larue when
the 18 chasing and going with mistake
from him that he'll roof is he had three
put three on one players outside him as
well I men in the lower for the teachers
not to guard a soaring high once again
mr. Hazen couldn't gather beautiful
pickup from fane Tony offload to grow
immensely and then lost hazel did great
attacking opportunity this from the line
art of do yoga used at the front lines
defending it brilliantly taking it
towards touch and a very awkward ball
for Sean finta coached by the Lions
brilliant defensive work by them to tech
reading this watch run away
that's why fans are standing up strong
in the tackle wiky wall has done
movement he again to hold it up off the
ground create the mall and it's going to
result in a turnover for the Lions Marco
good horse off for fan rensburg
look the yarder working hard under face
put in some outstanding performances in
the Currie Cup for the Lions with a
little chip from porn or Hendrix didn't
bounce very kindly for your hunk person
but man it's boss off is off in
counter-attack thank you advantage to
the Lions so declare ops for the little
chip over the top there's no advantage
that will be a penalty very kickable on
the stroke of half-time must have been
enticed with fluff declare Montalban DCI
too dark yesterday at the captain's run
but de Klerk has been full of energy as
the penalty high tackle is the call
against Lord do yoga you know that one
is high Butler to yoga makes a lot of
tackles he's a big man he'd be in that
queue for the pokey coasters wallet you
wouldn't want him in front of you
especially not if you're hungry but I
tell you what he's a big man and he NE
and he gets himself around you know I
think what what happens as well he's got
a bit of a babyface about him because
he's still quite a youngster and you
almost don't expect him to be that
physical but I watched him in about four
racks in a row he is the dominant
perpetrator thriving the opposition back
South Africa's young player of the year
announced this week yebin it's a bit
he's taken the rugby world by storm not
to yoga matches him sing to me 24
centimeter and kilogram per kilogram
scary thought it is a very very scary
thought